Update git-clone task and document changes in behaviour (#427)
tektoncd/catalog: task/git-clone/0.2/README.md

# `git-clone`

> **Please Note: this Task is only compatible with Tekton Pipelines versions 0.11-rc1 and greater!**

Reviewer: probably we can update this as well
```suggestion
**Please Note: this Task is only compatible with Tekton Pipelines versions 0.14.0 and greater!**
```

## Usage

If the `revision` is not provided in the param of the taskrun
then it will auto-detect the branch as specified by the `default`
in the respective git repository.

The following pipelines demonstrate usage of the git-clone Task:

> - [Cloning a branch](../0.1/samples/git-clone-checking-out-a-branch.yaml)
> - [Checking out a specific git commit](../0.1/samples/git-clone-checking-out-a-commit.yaml)
> - [Checking out a git tag and using the "commit" Task Result](../0.1/samples/using-git-clone-result.yaml)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Cloning a branch](../0.2/samples/git-clone-checking-out-a-branch.yaml)
- [Checking out a specific git commit](../0.2/samples/git-clone-checking-out-a-commit.yaml)
- [Checking out a git tag and using the "commit" Task Result](../0.2/samples/using-git-clone-result.yaml)
```

Author: Indeed! :+1:
